Someday there will be funny jokes or at least interesting facts.
If you're reading this... please help us
kojima is a genius!
The instagram account (@instagram) has the most followers — more than 314 million followers.
Pope Francis has received 1 million followers in just 12 hours after registering on instagram, which became a kind of world record.
Everyone knows that Facebook acquired instagram for $ 1 billion. Surprisingly, at that time the company had only 13 employees.
Selfie seems to have appeared at the time of the invention of the camera. But the first instagram post with the hashtag #selfie was posted on January 27, 2011 by user Jennifer Lee.
Instagram has 1 billion monthly active users, 500 million active daily.
More than 500 million people use Instagram every day.
Instagram users like more than 4.2 billion posts every day.
The most popular hashtags of recent times are: #love, #fashion, #photooftheday, #photography, #art, #beautiful, #travel, #happy, #nature, #picoftheday.
The most popular filter for photo processing is # no filters. In its original form spread their photos 90 % of users.
The most common instagram Emoji is heart.
Instagram users spend an average of 53 minutes a day on the social network.
500 million accounts on Instagram use Stories on a daily basis.
Users of the social network share 100 million posts daily.
Posts with mentions attract 56% more interactions.
Posts with at least one hashtag attract 12.6% more reactions.
Geotagged publications attract 79% more activity.
Photos get 36% more likes than videos.
The post with the highest number of likes on Instagram is a photo of an egg, which has collected more than 53 million "hearts".
Every second, 8 500 likes are put on Instagram and 1000 comments are published.
On average, 33 likes account for 1 comment.
Instagram Facebook is worth $100 billion (in 2012, Facebook bought the social network for $1 billion).
Instagram Facebook is expected to account for 20% of Facebook's sales by 2020.
Instagram is the third most popular social network in the world.
Instagram users share more than 95 million posts every day.
Photos with faces attract 38% more likes and 32% more comments.
70% of posts in Instagram nobody sees.
The ideal number of hashtags for a post on Instagram is 9 according to TrackMaven and 11 according to Buffer
Long hashtags are most effective, 21 characters is the perfect solution
50% of instagram captions and comments contain emojis.
The most popular Emoji is red heart.	
50% of companies create Stories on Instagram.
the more often your account is played, the more popular you become.
Share your account in social networks and maybe you will find yourself in the account of the day!
You can view the photo without leaving the game by holding the picture
Share your account in social networks and maybe you will be in the account of the day!
Share your account in social networks and maybe you will be in the account of the day!
Share your account in social networks and maybe you will be in the account of the day!
Share your account in social networks and maybe you will be in the account of the day!
You can view the photo without leaving the game by holding on it!
You can view the photo without leaving the game by holding on it!
You can view the photo without leaving the game by holding on it!
You can view the photo without leaving the game by holding on it!